i  am not began to be began or to be part of a community
in  five seconds
the  other topic
in
he
down  to earth
so  in the past of it several videos you're talking
what  does it
have  we ever been a humanity will we ever get her active
a  natural in
statement  that she's not in it
to
well  i differ from
this  is not a criticism of her
it  is a personal difference that
i  am more
i  am more repair
yeah  i want a real community look at mothers against drum driven
mothers  against drum driving have an office
one  office
in  every state
states  on states they have more than offices
staff  and open all the time
they've  got that we don't
you  tell me in what a more important message mothers against drunk driving or being
it  began is even if in the past even if in the nineteen eighties you know may be there was
an  argument mother's adrian were really important lobby
to  day
begonias  message that absolutely needs to have offices in the united states
you  know i really lived through the period of time when gage
from  being a marginal to being ascendant to be very intent
when  i was living in toronto
there  were a number of different gay officers
offices  for gay right
i  remember there was one that was just specialized in lesbians and different
multiple  gay officers with multiple political perspective
and  if there was some controversy the newspapers would go and interview those foundations
now  there were non profit political organizations
so  now let's say the police commissioner made a home hobomak
the  newspapers were going interview oh let's go to that gay foundation and a gaily go
rights  advocacy group and get their opinion on
that
that's  a real community that's that's a facet of that a reflection of interrogatively
at  that time there was a real gay community they had a neighborhood they had buildings they
had  offices they had lawyers they had night clubs they had festivals i mean the gay community in toronto
but  not every city has that there were multiple well organized vocal gay
communities  and the newspapers could go to them
it  would be different if we were the level of mothers against from driving you be different with their love of
jews  in british columbia i mean jewish people are a tiny minority in this part of
candidate  have brickdust
a  real organizations they have fellowships and you know scholarships
and  all kinds of benefits or people from cradle to grave and ultimately you can go there
and  attend a picnic and talk to other human beings face to face
whatever  from fund raising a charity worked everything can make a
i  am i wanted all
i  want a real one
and  i see no reason to pretend that i don't want that or that i wouldn't
i  see no reason to pretend that the annis is completely satisfactory to
just  a diet or just something i do in private
can  any
by  blood in jewish by belief i am annihilates
nevertheless  for my family and for my own life
it  would benefit me more to pretend to be a religious
to  start participating you know in a temple
because  judaism here in canada can provide me with a real
commune
everything  from the picnics to the retirement
picnics  to private schools to retire
from  the cradle to the grave
the  life cycle benefits of having come
are  provided by judaism are provided by mormonism are provided
by  all kinds of presidio gies that
rest  on your believing in a god that does
resting  on your saying prayers
by  any one
unless  you say your prayers on you tube then you're out follows carts
i  look at groups like the mormons
and  i think i want it all
i  want what you
for  the mormons it is nothing to organize a pick
that  two hundred people are going to show up at
for  me even that's not enough for the mormons it's nothing to do a fundraiser help
some  more pins
to  set up some charity i go get a pageant
i  want that i want the
i  am worried about the whole life cycle from cradle to
i  have a three year old daughter i don't see that much of her she lives in europe i am living in
china
the  less where is my daughter going to go to school where is my daughter going to go to gate
day  care
where  am i going to go to retirement home or where would my grandparents go to re
from  the cradle to the grave now look i mean the issues with gay rights activism
those  also change over time i think in the recent past that were hard battles
for  the gate community to fight and now the gate community can really celebrate that so many of those battles have
been  won you know in canada sure i mean saudi arabia is another story there tons of countries where
the  fights for basic gay rights are still you know at an airly state tontine
of  the first countries to have a marriage as a whole you know legal battle surround
as  for gas and so on those battles fundamentally have already been
the  battle even as are just beginning
where's  that office
where's  that neighborhood where's that night club where is the retirement of decline i
want  it all
i  am fundamentally much more ambitious than a natural began
i'm  not satisfied with what you guys call come i'm not satisfied with a bunch of self indulgent
a  middle aged people sitting around on face book giving each other than thumbs up or he
not  as buitenhof teenagers on integram photographing their asses in a machine
and  saying their change in the world none of that does it for me okay i want
can  i have it today no can i have it next year no am i going to see
it  before i die
mothers  gesturing and just a few years they took off
what  percentage of people in america really give a damn about mother against her as
a  minority really it's a small minority of people who sportiveness
okay  tremendously successful what per cent you people support like really don't
eat  money to jewish temples and can i don't know i mean
small  small minority in the past i talk about seem with in canada these are small
minority  religious movements and again men with homosexuals
homosexuality  isn't a diet
they  don't need to have separate restaurants but they do like in toto as there's a district
there  is such a thing as a gay restaurant even though there's no such thing as a food
a  fervent organize bricks and bordered avestan
into  physical place yet i want it all from cradle to the grave
from  you know the brick and mortar temple to the lawyers to the political organization
having  that foundation that respected enough that when there's a controversy in government
the  newspapers know who to coal made their several foundations
with  there's a voice advocating for vikingism in parliament in the newspaper
on  the street yet i want it and i'm going to recognize i
don't  have it that's real community and we're going to have to work